Hello everybody and welcome to this
tutorial.
Today we'll be talking the prerequisites that you require
if you if you want to follow this course through.
One of the first things that you need to be familiarized with
is your working environment.
So for myself, I have chosen to use two Linux distros.
One will be Fedora 20, which is my
which is the operating system that I'm using.
Anyway
and also I will install a virtual machine.
That virtual machine will be Kali Linux.
Basically, it is a Linux distro
which contains a great deal of pen testing tools.
So it's very useful in that sense.
Don't worry about it
I will explain this process in great detail
How you can set the virtual machine up
how you can install it
and so on and so forth.
However, should you be using Windows
that is definitely not advisable for this kind of activity.
Primarily because you will
I mean, since I'm doing this in an environment that I own
it doesn't really matter to me if I'm anonymous or not
but in the real world
all the pen testing that is done in the real world
You're always trying to anonymize yourselves.
You're trying to be as invisible as possible
as much as possible.
You do not want them to figure out where the attack is coming from
or anything of a kind.
You want wipe your trail or something a
kind
and Windows is really not good for those
sort of things.
So there your anonymity level will be very
low
and most of tools that we are going to be using
They are native to the Linux environment.
They were made for Linux
So some of them might not work under Windows.
I have not tested them all out.
but most of them will
So you can still use Windows if you like
because you're not hiding from any anyone
but since I'm recreating the real life scenario here
I do need to actually use proxies, VPNs
and so on and so forth
just to show you how it's done
and how you can do it.
Also, for all the Mac users out there
if you're using Mac OS X
doesn't really matter which version.
Most of this stuff should work, like no problems.
The procedures are fairly simpler.
The command line tools are the same
how you install them differs
but pretty much will be able to run the same commands as me.
So there shouldn't be any problems there.
Your anonymity level with Mac OS X
should be both really good
but still, on Linux you have the greatest anonymity
and you are rather safe in that sense.
Other than that, you will also require a working internet connection
and even those all of these attacks that we are going to do today
well most of them
they work much MUCH better if you have an extremely fast connection
but some of these attacks are actually
conducted from public wi-fi
in real life anyway.
We'll just pretend
I will set up a wireless access point in my house and load it
so that it's similar to the public wi-fi, which is very slow.
Some of these attacks, as I said
they go over public wi-fi
and as we all know and as we've all painfully learned
public wi-fis are not the fastest internet connections out there.
So primarily because you have a lot of people that are connected to them
and there's a lot of data going through.
They're not the safest networks out there either
but if you want to absolutely anonymize yourself
and that is what some people do.
They actually go out and hook up to a public wi-fi
or they go to a bar, or something of the like
and conduct their attacks from there.
Now before they do that
they need to figure out whether the bandwidth of that wi-fi
can sustain their attacks.
So they need to minimize.
they need to downsize it
and that is how they become absolutely anonymous.
Anyway, the third thing that you will absolutely need
so these three things
these are the basic requirements.
Everything else we will pick up on the way.
I will show you how to do it, no problems there
but these three things, I can't really show you how to
I mean I can, but it's a bit pointless
How to go through your ISP and hook it up to the internet
and hook your telephone through the internet
or something of a kind
But in any case, the third prerequisite is a
working wireless card
and when I say "working wireless card"
most of the devices have them.
Pretty much all laptops from 2005
or from 2008
were standardized with wireless cards.
If you're using desktop machine that doesn't a wireless card
you can
you should
but however, if you want
you won't be able to follow through a portion of this tutorial then.
You should go out and buy a USB wireless card
or something of a kind.
They're pretty cheap
I don't know. 10 or 15 bucks
So they're not that expensive and you can
get them much anywhere.
Anyway, as I was saying
what I mean by a functional wireless network card
is that it is recognized by your operating system.
So if you are using a Linux distro like I am
you need to make sure
this Linux distro
that the kernel of this Linux distro
actually has the necessary drivers
for the wireless card that you are using at the moment.
You're probably using Atheros or Broadcom.
Atheros should be fine.
Pretty much an external support
A large amount of Atheros devices, if not all of them
in terms of network cards, that should be fine.
There were some problems with Broadcom
but as far as I am informed
that has been solved
so no big deal there.
If you are uncertain how to check
whether your wireless card functions under Linux distro
just try connecting to a wi-fi.
If you can connect to a wi-fi access point
If you can connect, obviously it works
If you can't, it doesn't work
but don't just hop to a conclusion that it doesn't work.
Maybe it's just turned off or something like that
but do not worry
I will show this in greater detail in the follow-up tutorials
where we actually go over the installation process and all of that.
Now there are a couple more things which we need to go over
before we head over and start the installation.
I would just like to go over some basic terms
and some basic terminology
that you will need in order to be able to follow this course
and for you to be able to follow the future tutorials.
In any case, I bid you farewell
and I thank you for watching.